You want to configure autohealing for network load balancing for a group of Compute Engine instances that run
in multiple zones, using the fewest possible steps. You need to configure re-creation of VMs if they are
unresponsive after 3 attempts of 10 seconds each. What should you do?
A. Create an HTTP load balancer with a backend configuration that references an existing instance group. Set
the health check to healthy (HTTP)
B. Create an HTTP load balancer with a backend configuration that references an existing instance group.
Define a balancing mode and set the maximum RPS to 10.
C. Create a managed instance group. Set the Autohealing health check to healthy (HTTP)
D. Create a managed instance group. Verify that the autoscaling setting is on.
Correct Answer: C
Section: (none)

--------------------
You have a development project with appropriate IAM roles defined. You are creating a production project and
want to have the same IAM roles on the new project, using the fewest possible steps. What should you do?
A. Use gcloud iam roles copy and specify the production project as the destination project.
B. Use gcloud iam roles copy and specify your organization as the destination organization.
https://t.me/catinit
1EFB657328D9343266DF00194B7D4255
C. In the Google Cloud Platform Console, use the ‘create role from role’ functionality.
D. In the Google Cloud Platform Console, use the ‘create role’ functionality and select all applicable
permissions.
Correct Answer: A
--------------------------------------------------
QUESTION 16
You have a single binary application that you want to run on Google Cloud Platform. You decided to
automatically scale the application based on underlying infrastructure CPU usage. Your organizational policies
require you to use virtual machines directly. You need to ensure that the application scaling is operationally
efficient and completed as quickly as possible. What should you do?
A. Create a Google Kubernetes Engine cluster, and use horizontal pod autoscaling to scale the application.
B. Create an instance template, and use the template in a managed instance group with autoscaling
configured.
C. Create an instance template, and use the template in a managed instance group that scales up and down
based on the time of day.
D. Use a set of third-party tools to build automation around scaling the application up and down, based on
Stackdriver CPU usage monitoring.
Correct Answer: A
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

You need to set up a policy so that videos stored in a specific Cloud Storage Regional bucket are moved to
Coldline after 90 days, and then deleted after one year from their creation. How should you set up the policy?
A. Use Cloud Storage Object Lifecycle Management using Age conditions with SetStorageClass and Delete
actions. Set the SetStorageClass action to 90 days and the Delete action to 275 days (365 – 90)
B. Use Cloud Storage Object Lifecycle Management using Age conditions with SetStorageClass and Delete
actions. Set the SetStorageClass action to 90 days and the Delete action to 365 days.
C. Use gsutil rewrite and set the Delete action to 275 days (365-90).
D. Use gsutil rewrite and set the Delete action to 365 days.
Correct Answer: A

----------------------------
You have one GCP account running in your default region and zone and another account running in a nondefault region and zone. You want to start a new Compute Engine instance in these two Google Cloud Platform
accounts using the command line interface. What should you do?
A. Create two configurations using gcloud config configurations create [NAME]. Run gcloud
config configurations activate [NAME] to switch between accounts when running the
commands to start the Compute Engine instances.
B. Create two configurations using gcloud config configurations create [NAME]. Run gcloud
configurations list to start the Compute Engine instances.
C. Activate two configurations using gcloud configurations activate [NAME]. Run gcloud
config list to start the Compute Engine instances.
D. Activate two configurations using gcloud configurations activate [NAME]. Run gcloud
configurations list to start the Compute Engine instances.
Correct Answer: A
Section: (none)

----
QUESTION 26
You need to set up permissions for a set of Compute Engine instances to enable them to write data into a
particular Cloud Storage bucket. You want to follow Google-recommended practices. What should you do?
A. Create a service account with an access scope. Use the access scope ‘https://www.googleapis.com/auth/
devstorage.write_only’.
B. Create a service account with an access scope. Use the access scope ‘https://www.googleapis.com/auth/
cloud-platform’.
C. Create a service account and add it to the IAM role ‘storage.objectCreator’ for that bucket.
D. Create a service account and add it to the IAM role ‘storage.objectAdmin’ for that bucket.
Correct Answer: c
Section: (none)
-------------------------------------------
QUESTION 32
You need to monitor resources that are distributed over different projects in Google Cloud Platform. You want
to consolidate reporting under the same Stackdriver Monitoring dashboard. What should you do?
A. Use Shared VPC to connect all projects, and link Stackdriver to one of the projects.
B. For each project, create a Stackdriver account. In each project, create a service account for that project and
grant it the role of Stackdriver Account Editor in all other projects.
C. Configure a single Stackdriver account, and link all projects to the same account.
D. Configure a single Stackdriver account for one of the projects. In Stackdriver, create a Group and add the
other project names as criteria for that Group.
Correct Answer: c
-----------------------
You need to create a new billing account and then link it with an existing Google Cloud Platform project. What
should you do?
A. Verify that you are Project Billing Manager for the GCP project. Update the existing project to link it to the
existing billing account.
B. Verify that you are Project Billing Manager for the GCP project. Create a new billing account and link the
new billing account to the existing project.
C. Verify that you are Billing Administrator for the billing account. Create a new project and link the new project
to the existing billing account.
D. Verify that you are Billing Administrator for the billing account. Update the existing project to link it to the
existing billing account.
Correct Answer: C

----------------------------
You want to configure 10 Compute Engine instances for availability when maintenance occurs. Your
requirements state that these instances should attempt to automatically restart if they crash. Also, the instances
should be highly available including during system maintenance. What should you do?
A. Create an instance template for the instances. Set the ‘Automatic Restart’ to on. Set the ‘On-host
maintenance’ to Migrate VM instance. Add the instance template to an instance group.
B. Create an instance template for the instances. Set ‘Automatic Restart’ to off. Set ‘On-host maintenance’ to
Terminate VM instances. Add the instance template to an instance group.
C. Create an instance group for the instances. Set the ‘Autohealing’ health check to healthy (HTTP).
D. Create an instance group for the instance. Verify that the ‘Advanced creation options’ setting for ‘do not retry
machine creation’ is set to off.
Correct Answer: A
-------------------------------
You have a virtual machine that is currently configured with 2 vCPUs and 4 GB of memory. It is running out of
memory. You want to upgrade the virtual machine to have 8 GB of memory. What should you do?
A. Rely on live migration to move the workload to a machine with more memory.
B. Use gcloud to add metadata to the VM. Set the key to required-memory-size and the value to 8 GB.
C. Stop the VM, change the machine type to n1-standard-8, and start the VM.
D. Stop the VM, increase the memory to 8 GB, and start the VM.
Correct Answer: D
Section: (none)
-----------------------------------
You have a website hosted on App Engine standard environment. You want 1% of your users to see a new test
version of the website. You want to minimize complexity. What should you do?
A. Deploy the new version in the same application and use the --migrate option.
B. Deploy the new version in the same application and use the --splits option to give a weight of 99 to the
current version and a weight of 1 to the new version.
C. Create a new App Engine application in the same project. Deploy the new version in that application. Use
the App Engine library to proxy 1% of the requests to the new version.
D. Create a new App Engine application in the same project. Deploy the new version in that application.
Configure your network load balancer to send 1% of the traffic to that new application.
Correct Answer: B
------------------------------
You have a web application deployed as a managed instance group. You have a new version of the application
https://t.me/catinit
1EFB657328D9343266DF00194B7D4255
to gradually deploy. Your web application is currently receiving live web traffic. You want to ensure that the
available capacity does not decrease during the deployment. What should you do?
A. Perform a rolling-action start-update with maxSurge set to 0 and maxUnavailable set to 1.
B. Perform a rolling-action start-update with maxSurge set to 1 and maxUnavailable set to 0.
C. Create a new managed instance group with an updated instance template. Add the group to the backend
service for the load balancer. When all instances in the new managed instance group are healthy, delete the
old managed instance group.
D. Create a new instance template with the new application version. Update the existing managed instance
group with the new instance template. Delete the instances in the managed instance group to allow the
managed instance group to recreate the instance using the new instance template.
Correct Answer: B
------------------------------------

You are building an application that stores relational data from users. Users across the globe will use this
application. Your CTO is concerned about the scaling requirements because the size of the user base is
unknown. You need to implement a database solution that can scale with your user growth with minimum
configuration changes. Which storage solution should you use?
A. Cloud SQL
B. Cloud Spanner
C. Cloud Firestore
D. Cloud Datastore
Correct Answer: B
----------------------------------------
QUESTION 59
You are the organization and billing administrator for your company. The engineering team has the Project
Creator role on the organization. You do not want the engineering team to be able to link projects to the billing
account. Only the finance team should be able to link a project to a billing account, but they should not be able
to make any other changes to projects. What should you do?
A. Assign the finance team only the Billing Account User role on the billing account.
B. Assign the engineering team only the Billing Account User role on the billing account.
C. Assign the finance team the Billing Account User role on the billing account and the Project Billing Manager
role on the organization.
D. Assign the engineering team the Billing Account User role on the billing account and the Project Billing
Manager role on the organization.
Correct Answer: C
------------------------
You are hosting an application on bare-metal servers in your own data center. The application needs access to
Cloud Storage. However, security policies prevent the servers hosting the application from having public IP
addresses or access to the internet. You want to follow Google-recommended practices to provide the
application with access to Cloud Storage. What should you do?
A. 1. Use nslookup to get the IP address for storage.googleapis.com.
2. Negotiate with the security team to be able to give a public IP address to the servers.
3. Only allow egress traffic from those servers to the IP addresses for storage.googleapis.com.
B. 1. Using Cloud VPN, create a VPN tunnel to a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) in Google Cloud Platform (GCP).
2. In this VPC, create a Compute Engine instance and install the Squid proxy server on this instance.
3. Configure your servers to use that instance as a proxy to access Cloud Storage.
C. 1. Use Migrate for Compute Engine (formerly known as Velostrata) to migrate those servers to Compute
Engine.
2. Create an internal load balancer (ILB) that uses storage.googleapis.com as backend.
3. Configure your new instances to use this ILB as proxy.
D. 1. Using Cloud VPN or Interconnect, create a tunnel to a VPC in GCP.
2. Use Cloud Router to create a custom route advertisement for 199.36.153.4/30. Announce that network to
your on-premises network through the VPN tunnel.
3. In your on-premises network, configure your DNS server to resolve *.googleapis.com as a CNAME
to restricted.googleapis.com.
Correct Answer: D
-----------------------------------------
You want to deploy an application on Cloud Run that processes messages from a Cloud Pub/Sub topic. You
want to follow Google-recommended practices. What should you do?
A. 1. Create a Cloud Function that uses a Cloud Pub/Sub trigger on that topic.
2. Call your application on Cloud Run from the Cloud Function for every message.
B. 1. Grant the Pub/Sub Subscriber role to the service account used by Cloud Run.
2. Create a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription for that topic.
3. Make your application pull messages from that subscription.
C. 1. Create a service account.
2. Give the Cloud Run Invoker role to that service account for your Cloud Run application.
3. Create a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription that uses that service account and uses your Cloud Run application
as the push endpoint.
D. 1. Deploy your application on Cloud Run on GKE with the connectivity set to Internal.
2. Create a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription for that topic.
3. In the same Google Kubernetes Engine cluster as your application, deploy a container that takes the
https://t.me/catinit
1EFB657328D9343266DF00194B7D4255
messages and sends them to your application.
Correct Answer: C
------------------------------------
For analysis purposes, you need to send all the logs from all of your Compute Engine instances to a BigQuery
dataset called platform-logs. You have already installed the Stackdriver Logging agent on all the instances.
You want to minimize cost. What should you do?
A. 1. Give the BigQuery Data Editor role on the platform-logs dataset to the service accounts used by your
instances.
2. Update your instances’ metadata to add the following value: logs-destination: bq://platformlogs.
B. 1. In Stackdriver Logging, create a logs export with a Cloud Pub/Sub topic called logs as a sink.
2. Create a Cloud Function that is triggered by messages in the logs topic.
3. Configure that Cloud Function to drop logs that are not from Compute Engine and to insert Compute
Engine logs in the platform-logs dataset.
C. 1. In Stackdriver Logging, create a filter to view only Compute Engine logs.
2. Click Create Export.
3. Choose BigQuery as Sink Service, and the platform-logs dataset as Sink Destination.
D. 1. Create a Cloud Function that has the BigQuery User role on the platform-logs dataset.
2. Configure this Cloud Function to create a BigQuery Job that executes this query:
INSERT INTO dataset.platform-logs (timestamp, log)
SELECT timestamp, log FROM compute.logs
 WHERE timestamp > DATE_SUB(CURRENT_DATE(), INTERVAL 1 DAY)
3. Use Cloud Scheduler to trigger this Cloud Function once a day.
Correct Answer: C
-=-=-=-=-=--=---====-==-=-=-----------------------------------
QUESTION 69
You are using Deployment Manager to create a Google Kubernetes Engine cluster. Using the same
Deployment Manager deployment, you also want to create a DaemonSet in the kube-system namespace of
the cluster. You want a solution that uses the fewest possible services. What should you do?
A. Add the cluster’s API as a new Type Provider in Deployment Manager, and use the new type to create the
DaemonSet.
B. Use the Deployment Manager Runtime Configurator to create a new Config resource that contains the
DaemonSet definition.
C. With Deployment Manager, create a Compute Engine instance with a startup script that uses kubectl to
create the DaemonSet.
D. In the cluster’s definition in Deployment Manager, add a metadata that has kube-system as key and the
DaemonSet manifest as value.
https://t.me/catinit
1EFB657328D9343266DF00194B7D4255
Correct Answer: D
-----------------------------
You are using Container Registry to centrally store your company’s container images in a separate project. In
another project, you want to create a Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster. You want to ensure that
Kubernetes can download images from Container Registry. What should you do?
A. In the project where the images are stored, grant the Storage Object Viewer IAM role to the service account
used by the Kubernetes nodes.
B. When you create the GKE cluster, choose the Allow full access to all Cloud APIs option under
‘Access scopes’.
C. Create a service account, and give it access to Cloud Storage. Create a P12 key for this service account
and use it as an imagePullSecrets in Kubernetes.
D. Configure the ACLs on each image in Cloud Storage to give read-only access to the default Compute
Engine service account.
Correct Answer: B
-=-=-=-=-0-----------------------------
QUESTION 74
You want to configure an SSH connection to a single Compute Engine instance for users in the dev1 group.
This instance is the only resource in this particular Google Cloud Platform project that the dev1 users should be
able to connect to. What should you do?
A. Set metadata to enable-oslogin=true for the instance. Grant the dev1 group the compute.osLogin
role. Direct them to use the Cloud Shell to ssh to that instance.
B. Set metadata to enable-oslogin=true for the instance. Set the service account to no service
account for that instance. Direct them to use the Cloud Shell to ssh to that instance.
C. Enable block project wide keys for the instance. Generate an SSH key for each user in the dev1
group. Distribute the keys to dev1 users and direct them to use their third-party tools to connect.
D. Enable block project wide keys for the instance. Generate an SSH key and associate the key with
that instance. Distribute the key to dev1 users and direct them to use their third-party tools to connect.
Correct Answer: A
--------------------------
You are building a new version of an application hosted in an App Engine environment. You want to test the
new version with 1% of users before you completely switch your application over to the new version. What
should you do?
A. Deploy a new version of your application in Google Kubernetes Engine instead of App Engine and then use
GCP Console to split traffic.
B. Deploy a new version of your application in a Compute Engine instance instead of App Engine and then use
GCP Console to split traffic.
C. Deploy a new version as a separate app in App Engine. Then configure App Engine using GCP Console to
split traffic between the two apps.
D. Deploy a new version of your application in App Engine. Then go to App Engine settings in GCP Console
and split traffic between the current version and newly deployed versions accordingly.
Correct Answer: C
-------------------------------------------
You need to set a budget alert for use of Compute Engineer services on one of the three Google Cloud
Platform projects that you manage. All three projects are linked to a single billing account. What should you do?
A. Verify that you are the project billing administrator. Select the associated billing account and create a budget
and alert for the appropriate project.
B. Verify that you are the project billing administrator. Select the associated billing account and create a budget
and a custom alert.
C. Verify that you are the project administrator. Select the associated billing account and create a budget for
the appropriate project.
D. Verify that you are project administrator. Select the associated billing account and create a budget and a
custom alert.
Correct Answer: B
---------------------------------------------------------
You are migrating a production-critical on-premises application that requires 96 vCPUs to perform its task. You
want to make sure the application runs in a similar environment on GCP. What should you do?
A. When creating the VM, use machine type n1-standard-96.
B. When creating the VM, use Intel Skylake as the CPU platform.
C. Create the VM using Compute Engine default settings. Use gcloud to modify the running instance to have
96 vCPUs.
D. Start the VM using Compute Engine default settings, and adjust as you go based on Rightsizing
Recommendations.
Correct Answer: A
-------------------------------------------------
Your company’s infrastructure is on-premises, but all machines are running at maximum capacity. You want to
burst to Google Cloud. The workloads on Google Cloud must be able to directly communicate to the workloads
on-premises using a private IP range. What should you do?
A. In Google Cloud, configure the VPC as a host for Shared VPC.
B. In Google Cloud, configure the VPC for VPC Network Peering.
C. Create bastion hosts both in your on-premises environment and on Google Cloud. Configure both as proxy
servers using their public IP addresses.
D. Set up Cloud VPN between the infrastructure on-premises and Google Cloud.
Correct Answer: B
------------------------------------------------------
You want to find out when users were added to Cloud Spanner Identity Access Management (IAM) roles on
your Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project. What should you do in the GCP Console?
A. Open the Cloud Spanner console to review configurations.
B. Open the IAM & admin console to review IAM policies for Cloud Spanner roles.
C. Go to the Stackdriver Monitoring console and review information for Cloud Spanner.
D. Go to the Stackdriver Logging console, review admin activity logs, and filter them for Cloud Spanner IAM
roles.
Correct Answer: D
----------------------------------------------------------
Your company implemented BigQuery as an enterprise data warehouse. Users from multiple business units run
queries on this data warehouse. However, you notice that query costs for BigQuery are very high, and you need
to control costs. Which two methods should you use? (Choose two.)

A. Split the users from business units to multiple projects.
B. Apply a user- or project-level custom query quota for BigQuery data warehouse.
C. Create separate copies of your BigQuery data warehouse for each business unit.
D. Split your BigQuery data warehouse into multiple data warehouses for each business unit.
E. Change your BigQuery query model from on-demand to flat rate. Apply the appropriate number of slots to
each Project.
Correct Answer: BE
---------------------------------------------------------------
Your finance team wants to view the billing report for your projects. You want to make sure that the finance
team does not get additional permissions to the project. What should you do?
A. Add the group for the finance team to roles/billing user role.
B. Add the group for the finance team to roles/billing admin role.
C. Add the group for the finance team to roles/billing viewer role.
D. Add the group for the finance team to roles/billing project/Manager role.
Correct Answer: C
------------------------------------------
Your company has a single sign-on (SSO) identity provider that supports Security Assertion Markup Language
(SAML) integration with service providers. Your company has users in Cloud Identity. You would like users to
authenticate using your company’s SSO provider. What should you do?
A. In Cloud Identity, set up SSO with Google as an identity provider to access custom SAML apps.
B. In Cloud Identity, set up SSO with a third-party identity provider with Google as a service provider.
C. Obtain OAuth 2.0 credentials, configure the user consent screen, and set up OAuth 2.0 for Mobile &
Desktop Apps.
D. Obtain OAuth 2.0 credentials, configure the user consent screen, and set up OAuth 2.0 for Web Server
Applications.
Correct Answer: A
-----------
A team of data scientists infrequently needs to use a Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster that you
manage. They require GPUs for some long-running, non-restartable jobs. You want to minimize cost. What
should you do?
A. Enable node auto-provisioning on the GKE cluster.
B. Create a VerticalPodAutscaler for those workloads.
C. Create a node pool with preemptible VMs and GPUs attached to those VMs.
D. Create a node pool of instances with GPUs, and enable autoscaling on this node pool with a minimum size
of 1.
Correct Answer: Cs